This is a place for the author to abuse the repo to put some tech thoughts at the time of design.

This project is graphrag, no buzzword, easier to digest than most big firm written paper/docs.

Invariants:

All Documents are internally connected node and edges, i.e. graphs, ingestion of documents is selective exposure of the nodes/ edges as a data endpoint (somewhat similar to sql join foreign key.)

All Edges are Nodes, All edges can connect to other nodes/ edges -> hypergraph -> reserve expressiveness for complicated ideas.

Conversations are just graphs, where knowledge are pinned (referenced from) knowledge graphs (kg)

Input are events,

Chromadb + mssql/sqlite  => eventual consistency + fast vector read copy
pgvector => strong transaction guarantee and atomacity. No partial states

What is AI?

When it is smarter than you, it is a superb AI, when you are smarter than it, 
AI is just xyz algorithm with abc variant transformer blah blah blah.

What is RAG ?
a special case of graph rag, the chunks are internally connected nodes and edges, the vector is an entrypoint to that subgraph. You retrieve all implicit nodes and edges in form of a document chunk. (credit to category theory @ Bartosz Milewski) COG-RAG is exactly a special case where the chunks are parsed into small graphs, no fancy buzzword.

What is my filtered view on clawbot

A special case of graphrag where the cross linkages are dynamically generated by current context, this project
has statically ingestion time generated cross linkages. And the tree form of hierarchy is managed by OS (long ago interviewer somewhere shocked when I said os indexing is indeed quite good management system)
-- updates
   after the cloister as openclaw governance with kogwistar, openclaw is secure by design if instructions followed. The insecure part is governance layer that leave user manage is unconfigured or too wide open. The policy left for user is improperly set. It is not insecure by design


What is communication skills?
When someone do not understand and never express question but silently swallowed and blaming you. Or use local slangs during job interviews and when you do not know hand waving, you are said to have bad communication.

Why write this repo?
Make something do not regret. underemployment, high leverage, but small scale company, low signal, make some noise. This is what I feel like what currend and future secure ai should look like. Abused many times for free work disguised as take-home. This signals everything and spend some time now, save hundreds of future take home hours.

Why Kogwistar?
Kg => knowledge graph
Wi -> wisdom layer (to be implemented), simply -> once the conversation graph pattern are logged, they are possible reinforcement learning dataset. I am building architecture for RL. Reach me if you think I can work in lab for impactful research.
o-W -> workflow orchestration

LLM-SEO
repo readme is LLM SEO files, implicit text graphrag anchoring ideas from other code/ md files to each other via the markdown texts.

View on langchain
good adaptor

Agent
Buzzword, roughly meaning towards touring complete, when chain/workflow usually mean fixed steps touring incomplete steps. Ultimately both are likely bound by max retry instead of real forever looping.

Chunking:

No optimal, it is a clustering problem. Questions of high level context requires no chunking, question of local context require fine context. adaptively keep both. Hierarchical, it is NLP- CNN, Receptive fields at few levels, YOLO anchors at different scales, all similar ideas. FFT at different scales in frequency domain. All the same.

Tests:

Now here I am free to create test case to spin up postgresql container, preset schema and run test and spin down and these case are not silently deleted. I do not delete tests to get CI working. Tests are preserving structures across changes. We are trying to make our code changes transformation functor like.
Pass test before and after the changes. Pass-test is the category relationship.

Why structured response/ context work?
    document is a graph with structure -> LLM is a trnasformation / mophism. From the lessons we learn from UKF, when we have some points (sigma points) (tokens in context) are sampled acrossed a transformation (this case the llm),
    the structure is preserved across the transformation. The central meaning/ answer from chunks/ contexts are therefore preserved across the transformation. context is a structure, and structure response is a meta structure. And preserving structure is good.

What is self attention?

    a modified learnable auto-correlation. With output weighted.

Why 2 times prompt work?

    statistically, the activation output from first time may be noised to right below threshold, A second time, when weighted with first time, have averaged to converge to average (just central limit theorem) to the proper activation. So more likely to be activated in next layer. Thats it. not the two times 

Take on Toon

    a commercial plot, the business that draw the cartoon want to stimulate stock price.



King - Man + Women -> Queen So, What happen to multimodal embedding?
    2 images, One image with a cat running from the right, another image show it is on the left. What will the embdding model give in closes vocab and image ?  Is their vector subtraction will apply to a car on the right, will it result a car on the left image when searching?

Past prophecies that came true
    1. Around 2018/2019 Wached harvard youtube video on autoregressive model on pixel by pixel generation of image, I related it to text and code characters,
    now we have all code assistants.

    2. Augmented reality was hit at internet at the time, my take was, future people will see it inefficient to use real object for video frame rendering. It come true also now.

Future

    Either 2 cases:
        1. we all go to matrix world, bring human to digital world -> meta/ web3
        2. bring matrix world to real world -> robotics, exoskeleton, drone bots